now speaking about the kind of drinks
it's a multi-million dollar industry but
some say bottled water is a victory of
expensive style over substance but now
that could all be about to change it's
Australia's liquid love affair 750
million litres of packaged water sold
last year most of it in bottles that's
600 million bucks for something that
costs virtually nothing from a tab but
in this warehouse office space two
worlds are about to collide who doesn't
love free stuff consumers are just their
pity and thirsty for free stuff quite
literally alex chen and cui so have a
plan to take a big swig of the bottled
water market by giving the stuff away
truthfully it all started because we're
complaining every time we bought bottled
water okay three or four dollars into
felt ripped off and economy tis angry
it's a business model that pits this
bunch of gin wires against the big boys
of beverages like coca-cola amatil which
owns the Mount Franklin and pump brands
it was definitely roller coaster for the
last year that we were pursuing this but
now we're starting to see the momentum
building it is like every single week is
getting better and better every bottle
that rolls off the production line will
be given away bankrolled by the
advertisers who buy space on the labels
being environmentally conscious Gen Y
upstarts they've made their bottles from
materials they say degrade a hundred
times faster than regular plastic
fantastic idea what you know what about
a good great entrepreneurial endeavor
Clearwater these young entrepreneurs are
now rolling out their product across the
country after more than a year of hard
work they've just turned a small profit
but they've got much bigger goals in
mind
as long as we have that consumers on our
side will always be appealing to
advertisers will always find a way to
get it out to the consumers for free so
it's not really a question of who's
going to let us but brother who's going
to stop us there's two things here that
one is the business model that they're
proposing which is which is new the
other thing is the idea of bottled water
itself and yeah person othing makes me
more angry I grew up in a world where
people weren't buying water they used
water in the tap I don't use bottled
water and yeah good on me go grants or
whatever but there's a bottle for a
bottle of water then I do think bottled
water is a marketing invention and now
do smile at the idea that avion is naive
spelt backwards but putting that aside
he can't blame it all on advertising
there's a lot of other factors that push
people towards water you know they don't
like to taste the tap water they fear
tap water the latest one which I thought
was really interesting is that we're a
really over medicated society and it's
making us thirsty so we have this need
to constantly be carrying around water
with us where we don't actually need all
the water that we're told to drink my
theories the bubbler test people put a
stick in there sometimes of the squirts
up into your eyes sometimes that's how
to mean great six quite a few times and
we'll be doing full expose on at the
drinking bubbler tomorrow no no my shirt
hey just making bubbles and I was at my
son school today you know it's correct
how little the water comes out now one
of their own catching colds of each
other because it's like this tiny little
bit comes out to save water and so
they're pretty much licking the bubbler
thing I know that wasn't what I said no
but this is this is the tip of the
iceberg
tomorrow night water a one-hour special
is water coming to kill you we're gonna
take right back in a tick